this right here
my buddy
you have a new message
I just wanna break the rules
you
hey my little rosettes and all you
newcomers here my name is Rosalie and
this is my channel well this is right so
as you can tell by the introduction this
is an epic collaboration with my good
friends here on YouTube grilling from
glitter forever 17 yes I'm from xx
makeup is cool xx Jen from generation
DIY and Julie from bellezza beauty oh
three so this is a life hacks collab and
I'm doing DIY room decor life hacks all
these tips and tricks that I have for
you guys today are really gonna help you
especially if you have a small room like
I do and you need tons and tons of space
or you're in college and you're living
in a dorm right now or you just want to
get organized so whatever it is I bet
you I can help you out a little bit also
after you're finished watching my video
make sure to go check out all the other
girls videos because they are so awesome
I love them all Pat Queen herself is
going to be doing period hacks for all
your girls on your monthly gift
Catherine is going to be doing iPhone
hacks Jack is going to be doing school
hacks and Julie is going to be doing
hacks for all you lazy people out there
I believe all the videos down below new
description box so you can go check them
out and give them some love and lastly
before we begin make sure to hit that
subscribe button to become a moose at
today so you'll never miss out in the
video like this again and with that
being said let's get on with this DIY
room decor hacks video take it away mr.
Pete spice up those boring old outlets
by adding washi tape or decorative tape
around the sides
easy peasy lemon squeezy if your junk
drawer is well full junk try organizing
it with a utensil organizer meant for
spoons and forks like the ones you have
in your kitchen drawers are your pens
charge your small items and random stuff
in there so they won't roll around you
can also use an ice cube tray to store
small items or your jewelry now your
junk drawer won't be able to live up to
its name clear some space by throwing
your nail polishes into a mason jar it
makes a great decor piece as well
instead of using a shoe organizer for
shoes Hank what on your door and use it
for your hair products accessories and
hot tools the pockets are big enough to
fit hair sprays and flat irons and even
body stuff like lotions and body spray
and it saves a ton of space in your room
because shower caddy is great and all in
a shower but it's even better in your
room as a hanging storage rack you
put small items like deodorant facial
products in the top part and hang
sunglasses and keys on the bottom hat
next we have a super chic way to display
your makeup all you need is a magnetic
dry erase board that comes with magnets
to stick on the back of your products so
not only can you stick your favorite
makeup on the board but you can also
doodle and write fun quotes important
reminders or anything on it it's a
two-in-one a fun and colorful way to
organize is by painting a pair of wooden
shoe racks in a bright color and place
them in your room to store books and
other items that don't have a place of
their own and you can still use it as a
shoe rack if you want it has a bunch of
purposes really give all those extra
files papers and folders at home by
placing them in a dish rack you could
also keep all your seventeen magazines
in there too and the last DIY I have in
storage for you is a pencil holder made
out of a shoebox and empty toilet rolls
place down to twilit rolls in the
shoebox and stick your pencils and pens
markers and all those utensils engage
toilet roll to bring a little more life
to it you can cover the box with pretty
cardstock a funky paint job or a glitter
so that was it for my DIY room decor
hacks video I hope you guys enjoyed and
then I helped you out a little bit with
saving some space in your room hey just
making everything easier for your life
don't forget to hit that subscribe
button down below and make sure to check
out all the other girls videos and I
can't wait to see you guys in the next
video bye